Deprecate turquoise and pink tag colour modifiers (#6416)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

This change was introduced in [pull request #6414: Remove `useTudorCrown` parameter and St. Edwards crown assets](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/6414)

### Recommended changes

#### Rename turquoise and pink coloured tags

We have renamed 2 of the Tag component's colour modifier classes to be inline with GOV.UK Frontend's new colour palette:

- `govuk-tag--turquoise` is now `govuk-tag--teal`
- `govuk-tag--pink` is now `govuk-tag--magenta`

> Rename your tags to reflect these changes. `govuk-tag--turquoise` and `govuk-tag--pink` will be removed in a future breaking release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rename your tags to reflect these changes, as we'll be removing `govuk-tag--turquoise` and `govuk-tag--pink` in a future breaking release.
```
